// Sacramento Concert Rant 2016
Stop it, stop it. Hey radio, fuck you! Radio, fuck you! Y’all don’t want to lose again. A lot of people here tonight felt like they lost. You know why? Because y’all been lied to. Google lied to you. Facebook lied to you. Radio lied to you. Radio, fuck you! I know it’s a lot of real niggas working at radio, real people, real programming directors with wives and kids that love music, that can’t play what they want to play because they’ve been paid to play that bullshit over and over and over. And when I say that bullshit, what I’m saying is we love Drake, Drake is great. He’s a great artist. But Frank Ocean is great, too. But you know who the greatest of all of us? Who do y’all think? Nope. Kid motherfucking Cudi. Radio, fuck you! Oh yeah, I’m on my Trump shit tonight. Radio, fuck you. Yeah, I’m taking his lead. I’mma just say how I say, be ‘Ye, and win. I’mma take his lead. Radio, fuck you! Radio, fuck you! Wait a second. Eh, is it, “Radio, fuck you? That’s what you’re saying?” Exactly.
Not fuck the people that work at radio because these is real people that gotta feed they kids and they’re not being allowed to play that real shit because they think that in order to feed they kids they gotta play the same shit over and over and over. I was raised by KRS 1, I was raised by Tribe Called Quest, I was raised by DMX. The last real nigga alive? Naw, nigga! We real niggas alive, we alive tonight, bruh! We alive tonight, bruh! Virgil Abloh is alive tonight, bro. A$AP Nast is alive tonight, bro. Bari is alive tonight, bro. Ian Connor is alive tonight, bro. Rocky alive tonight, bro. Aye, y’all love my show. When I say these names, y’all better scream for me. I don’t give a fuck if you know the names or not, go ahead, Google them. They will give you a little bit of factual information. They will give you that. Why did I name A$AP? Because that’s the future. That’s the niggas they got me and Cudi. It’s life.
We’ve got a hundred years out here, a hundred years on this planet, bro, and we can have a utopia. We can love each other. But the rules gotta be fair. Khaled and Drake and radio and Doc and 92.3 and everybody. Is it just me or did you hear that song so many times “you say you wanna play for free.” Aye, aye. You know what it is, though? Because aye, I love Drake. I love Khaled. But they set that song up, bro. And let me tell you something: MTV, fuck you! Once again, as always. I’m on my Trump shit tonight. Let me tell you what it is, bruh. Aye, you know me. I went down seven years of my life of motherfuckers hating me for saying Beyoncé had the best video. Hey, baby, let’s rock and roll tonight. Y’all might be experiencing a lot of pop shit, but the vibes is back. The prodigal son, Kid Cudi, has returned. The vibes is back. I know it’s going to be a lot of conversations after tonight.
Khaled, I know you got hitters from Miami. Please do not send them at my head. I just want to have a conversation about how we playing radio’s game. Khaled, you a real nigga. Khaled, you a real nigga. You got the keys. But as we learn all the politics that niggas was doing for years. Obama couldn’t make America great because he couldn’t be him to be who he was. Black men have been slaves. Obama wasn’t allowed to do this and still win. He had to be perfect. But being perfect don’t always change shit, bro. Being perfect don’t always change shit, bro.
So, when I talk about MTV, let me explain something. I was hurt. Beyoncé, I was hurt because I wanted to present a video called “Fade” and I don’t expect MTV to help me. Mister West, I don’t respect you. I will let you know that Beyoncé is winning the video tonight for “Formation” over “Hotline Bling” and “Famous.” They told me beforehand so I wouldn’t run on stage. Hey, bruh, y’all ain’t gotta fuck with me, but you know I got the vision and you know I’mma gonna keep it real with you. Beyoncé, I was hurt. I went down seven years on behalf of your—eh, nigga! Don’t no shit while I’m talking. I am putting my career, my life, my public well-standing at risk when I talk to y’all like this. This is a moment, bro. The vibes is back. The vibes is back. Motherfuckers might feel a way about this tonight. Beyoncé, I was hurt because I heard that you said you wouldn’t perform unless you won Video of the Year over me and over “Hotline Bling.” In my opinion—now, don’t go trying to diss Beyoncé. She is great. Taylor Swift is great. We are all great people. We are all equal.
But sometimes, we be playing the politics too much and forget who we are just to win. Fuck winning. Fuck looking cool. Fuck looking cool. Fuck being cool. Fuck all that, bruh! I’ve been sitting here to give y’all my truth even at the risk of my own life. Even at the risk of my own success, my own career. I’ve been sitting here to give y’all the truth. Jay Z, call me, bruh. You still ain’t calling me. Jay Z, call me. Aye, bruh, I know you got killers. Please don’t send them at my head. Just call me. Talk to me like a man. I’m not trying to be the man. I just am a man, the same as anybody here. I ain’t above, below none of y’all. We all equal. We all equal. This is the vibes, bro. This is the future. This is the way of thinking to make America great again. Ha! You didn’t like that! Guess what? Y’all need the vibes. I was hurt. Feelings matter, bro. The way motherfuckers put money up so high, popularity, radio spins. Feelings matter, bro. Feelings matter, bro.
It’s a new world, Hillary Clinton, it’s a new world. Feelings matter. Because guess what? Everybody in middle America felt a way and they showed you how they felt. Feelings matter, bro. It’s a new world. It’s a new world, Barack. It’s a new world, Jay Z. Hey, don’t send killers at my head, bro. This ain’t the Malcolm X movie. We growing from that moment. Let ‘Ye be ‘Ye. And wait a second. Do y’all agree with that? Let ‘Ye be ‘Ye. Wait a second. I ain’t hear enough screams on that. Let ‘Ye be ‘Ye.
People I’m not saying this out of my own well-being because it wouldn’t be smart out of my own well-being to say things like this. Radio, I done talked to you a bunch of motherfucking times. Y’all motherfuckers is behind the times. Because guess what, the Saint Pablo tour is the most relevant shit happening. The Saint Pablo tour is more relevant than radio and if y’all keep following old models, your ass is going to be Hillary Clinton. You might not like it, but they gotta hear it. I ain’t here to massage you with a fake truth, telling you that Hillary gon’ win over and over and over and then you wake up and you still can’t believe it! You know why? Because you was lied to by Google. You was lied to by Mark Zuckerberg.
Mark Zuckerberg, you wanna call me now? Do I got the vision, Mark Zuckerberg? Was you wrong? When I said I was $53 million in debt and you didn’t call me, was you wrong? You ate dinner, you asked my friend Ebony Schiller to have dinner with me. I told you about Donda. You said you would help and you didn’t. Then you went to look for aliens. Me and Kid Cudi are aliens right here, bro. The vibes is back. Take it all the way back to the beginning. Shia LaBeouf, Kid Cudi feels a way. Give him a call.
Q-Tip, I love you, bro. Don’t tell me how to be me, though. I love you. The Tribe album is dope. I love you. Don’t tell me how to be me, though. I’ve been me. I am me. There’s a Richard Pryor interview that you can watch about people coming into power and not changing everything and just becoming a part of the power. That’s happened with musicians because they’re scared. I’m not scared. I’m here to change things. I am here to change things. And things won’t change until people admit their own falsehoods. I got the visions, bro. That’s what I’ve been blessed with. My vision. I’m not always going to say things the perfect way, the right way. But I’m going to say how I feel. Right now, press get ready to write your passive-aggressive, LeBron James, racist comments. Season 4, racist comments. Get ready to have a field day, press. Get ready, get ready. Because the show’s over.

// VMA Speech 2016
I am Kanye West, and that feels really great, especially to say this year. I came here to present my new video, but before that, I'ma talk. Now...later tonight, "Famous" might lose to Beyoncé, but I can't be mad—I'm always wishing for Beyoncé to win, so, you know! But for people to understand just how blessed we are. It was an expression of our now. Our fame right now. Us on the inside of the TV. You know, just to put...the audacity to put Anna Wintour right next to Donald Trump... I mean, like, I put Ray J in there, bruh! This is fame, bro! Like...I see you, Amber! My wife is a G, not a lot of people's wives would let 'em say that!
We came over in the same boat, now we all in the same bed. Well...maybe different boats but you know. If you think about it, last week, it was 22 people murdered in Chicago. You know like, people come to me like, "Man, that's right! Tell Taylor to..." Bro, like I love all y'all! That's why I called her! So I was speaking at the Art Institute last year and one kid came up to me and said, "Three of my friends died and I don't know if I'm gonna be the next." And it has to...you know, you have to think like, you know when you're a senior and it's like the last month and you just don't feel like doing anymore work? If you feel like you're seeing people dying right next to you, you might feel like what's the point? You know like, life could be like, start to feel worthless in a way. I know times for me, I sit down and talk to older, rich people, you know (AKA WHITE!) and uh...they tell me, "Don't compare yourself to Steve Jobs, don't compare yourself to Walt Disney." And my friend Sekaya told me, "Ayy bruh bruh..."
They tell me don't compare yourself to these people right? My friend Sekaya told me it's three keys to keeping people impoverished; taking away their esteem, taking away their resources, and taking away their role models. My role models are Artists Merchants. It's less than 10 I can name in history. Truman, Ford, Hughes, Disney, Jobs, West. BRO!!!! BROOOOOO!!!
Tonight we're here to have fun. I'm standing in front of my idol, Puff Daddy. I'm standing in front of my wife, Kim Kardashian West. I'm standing in front of the future, Chance The Rapper. 2 Chainz, Jaden Smith. Bro! We are undeniably the influence, the thought leaders. I'm gonna play y'all a piece of my art and I hope y'all have a good time.

// Watch the Thone: No Church in the Wild
Human beings in a mob. What's a mob to a king? What's a king to a god? What's a god to a non-believer who don't believe in anything? Will he make it out alive? Alright, alright, no church in the wild.
Tears on the mausoleum floor. Blood stains the Colosseum doors. Lies on the lips of a priest. Thanksgiving disguised as a feast. Rolling in the Rolls Royce Corniche. Only the doctors got this, I’m hiding from police. Cocaine seats. All white like I got the whole thing bleached. Drug dealer chic. I’m wondering if a thug’s prayers reach. Is Pious pious cause God loves pious? Socrates asked whose bias do y'all seek? All for Plato, screech. I’m out here balling, I know y'all hear my sneaks. Jesus was a carpenter, Yeezy laid beats. Hova flow the Holy Ghost, get the hell up out your seats. Preach.
I live by you, desire. I stand by you, walk through the fire. Your love is my scripture. Let me into your encryption.
Coke on her black skin made it stripe like a zebra. I call that jungle fever. You will not control the threesome, just roll the weed up until I get me some. We formed a new religion. No sins as long as there’s permission. And deception is the only felony, so never fuck nobody without telling me. Sunglasses and Advil. Last night was mad real. Sun coming up, 5 a.m. I wonder if they got cabs still. Thinking 'bout the girl in all leopard. Who was rubbing the wood like Kiki Shepard. Two tattoos: one read "No Apologies," the other said "Love is Cursed by Monogamy." It’s something that the pastor don’t preach. It’s something that a teacher can’t teach. When we die, the money we can’t keep, but we probably spend it all cause the pain ain’t cheap. Preach.

// MBDTF: All of the Lights
Cop lights, flash lights, spotlights, strobe lights, street lights. Fast life, drug life, thug life, rock life, every night. All of the lights, lights, all of the lights. Turn up the lights in here, baby. Extra bright, I want y'all to see this. Turn up the lights in here, baby. You know what I need, want you to see everything, want you to see all of the lights. Fast cars, shooting stars, until it's Vegas everywhere we are. If you want it, you can get it for the rest of your life. If you want it, you can get it for the rest of your life.
Something wrong, I hold my head. MJ gone, our nigga dead! I slapped my girl, she called the feds. I did that time and spent that bread. I’m heading home, I’m almost there, I’m on my way, heading up the stairs. To my surprise, a nigga replacing me! I had to take him to that ghetto university.
Restraining order, can’t see my daughter. Her mother, brother, grandmother hate me in that order. Public visitation, we met at Borders. Told her she take me back, I’ll be more supportive. I made mistakes, I bumped my head. Courts sucked me dry, I spent that bread. She need her daddy, baby please! Can’t let her grow up in that ghetto university.
Getting mine, baby, got to let these niggas know. Getting right, babe, you should go and get your own. Getting mine, baby, got to let these niggas know. Getting right, babe, you should go and get your own.
Unemployment line, credit card declined. Did I not mention I was about to lose my mind? And also was about to do that line... K, okay, you know we going all the way this time. We going all the way this time. We going all the way this time.

// MBDTF: Dark Fantasy
You might think you've peeped the scene. You haven’t, the real one's far too mean. The watered down one, the one you know, was made up centuries ago. They made it sound all wack and corny. Yes, it's awful, blasted boring. Twisted fictions, sick addictions. Well, gather 'round children, zip it, listen. Can we get much higher? So high.
I fantasized 'bout this back in Chicago. Mercy, mercy me, that Murcielago. That's me, the first year that I blow. How you say broke in Spanish? Me no hablo. Me drown sorrow in that Diablo. Me found bravery in my bravado. DJs need to listen to the models. "You ain't got no fuckin' Yeezy in your Serato?" You ain't got no Yeezy, nigga? Stupid, but what the hell do I know? I'm just a Chi-town nigga with a Nas flow. And my chick in that new Phoebe Philo. So much head, I woke up to Sleepy Hollow.
Look like a fat booty Celine Dion. Sex is on fire, I'm the King of Leon-a Lewis. Beyond the truest, hey, teacher, teacher, tell me how do you respond to students? And refresh the page and restart the memory? Respark the soul and rebuild the energy? We stopped the ignorance, we killed the enemies. Sorry for the night demons still visit me. The plan was to drink until the pain over, but what's worse, the pain or the hangover? Fresh air, rollin' down the window, too many Urkels on your team, that's why your wins low. Don't make me pull the toys out, huh, don't make me pull the toys. And fire up the engines, huh, and then they make noise.
At the mall, there was a seance. Just kids, no parents. Then the sky filled with herons. I saw the devil in a Chrysler LeBaron, and the hell, it wouldn't spare us. And the fires did declare us. But after that, took pills, kissed an heiress, and woke up back in Paris.

// 808s & Heartbreak: Robocop
'Bout the baddest girl I ever seen, straight up out a movie scene. Who knew she was a drama queen that'd turn my life to Stephen King's? Up late night like she on patrol, checking everything like I'm on parole. I told her there's some things she don't need to know. She never let it go, oh.
Okay, okay, okay, okay. You will never stop it now. You never stop it now. Okay, okay, okay. You will never stop it now. You need to drop it now, drop it, drop it.
Cause I don't want no Robocop. You moving like a Robocop. When did you become a Robocop? Now I don't need no Robocop.
Just looking at your history, you're like the girl from Misery. She said she ain't take it to this degree. Well, let's agree to disagree. Shorty kind of crazy, but it turn me on. Keep it up enough to keep it going on. I told her there's some things she don't need to know. She never let it go, oh.
Stop...drop...roll...pop. Bitch I'm cold... I ain't used to being told...stop, so I could never be your robot. Fast or slow, you can stay or can go. Now, now that you know, now, now that you know. Yeah I had her before but that happened before. You get mad when you know, so just don't ask me no more. Okay, okay, okay, uh, uh. It ain't okay, okay, okay.
You spoiled little LA girl. You're just an LA girl. You need to stop it now. You spoiled little LA girl. You're just an LA girl. You need to stop it now. Oh you're kidding me. You must be joking, or you are smoking. Oh oh you're kidding me. Oh you're kidding me, haha, that was a good one. Your first good one in a while. Your first good one in a while. You need to stop it now. You need to stop it now. Oh you need to stop it now.

// 808s & Heartbreak: Who Will Survive in America?
Us living as we do upside-down. And the new word to have is revolution. People don't even want to hear the preacher spill or spiel. Because God's whole card has been thoroughly piqued, and America is now blood and tears instead of milk and honey. The youngsters who were programmed to continue fucking up woke up one night, digging Paul Revere and Nat Turner as the good guys. America stripped for bed and we had not all yet closed our eyes. The signs of truth were tattooed across our often entered vagina. We learned to our amazement, the untold tale of scandal. Two long centuries buried in the musty vault hosed down daily with a gagging perfume.
America was a bastard. The illegitimate daughter of the mother country whose legs were then spread around the world and a rapist known as freedom, free-DOOM. Democracy, liberty, and justice were revolutionary code names that preceded, the bubblin' bubblin' bubblin' bubblin' bubblin' in the mother country's crotch. What does Webster say about soul? "All I want is a good home and a wife and a children, and some food to feed them every night." After all is said and done, build a new route to China if they'll have you. Who will survive in America? Who will survive in America?

// Cruel Summer: Mercy verse
Let the suicide doors up. I threw suicides on the tour bus. I threw suicides on the private jet. You know what that mean, I'm fly to death. I step in Def Jam buildin' like I'm the shit. Tell 'em give me fifty million or I'ma quit. Most rappers' taste level ain't at my waist level. Turn up the bass 'til it's up-in-yo-face level. Don't do no press but I get the most press kit. Plus, yo, my bitch make your bitch look like Precious. Somethin' 'bout Mary, she gone off that molly; now the whole party is melted like Dalí. Now everybody is movin' they body. Don't sell me apartment, I'll move in the lobby. Niggas is loiterin' just to feel important. You gon' see lawyers and niggas in Jordans.

// Watch the Throne: Niggas in Paris
She said, "'Ye, can we get married at the mall?" I said, "Look, you need to crawl 'fore you ball. Come and meet me in the bathroom stall, and show me why you deserve to have it all." Ball so hard. That shit cray that shit cray, ain’t it Jay? Ball so hard. What she order what she order what she order, fish fillet? "Your whip so cold so cold"--this old thing? Act like you’ll ever be around mothafuckas like this again.
Bougie girl, grab my hand, fuck that bitch, she don’t wanna dance. Excuse my French, but I’m in France, I’m just sayin' Prince Williams ain’t do it right if you ask me. ‘Cause I was him I would have married Kate and Ashley. What’s Gucci, my nigga? What’s Louis, my killa? What’s drugs, my dealer? What’s that jacket, Margiela? Doctors say I’m the illest, ‘cause I’m suffering from realness. Got my niggas in Paris and they going gorillas, huh.
You are now watching the throne. Don't let me get in my zone. Don't let me get in my zone. These other niggas is lyin', actin’ like the summer ain’t mine. I got that hot bitch in my home. You know how many hot bitches I own? Don't let me get in my zone, don't let me get in my zone. The stars is in the building, they hands is to the ceiling. I know I’m 'bout to kill it, how you know? I got that feeling. You are now watching the throne, don't let me into my zone. I’m definitely in my zone.

// Yeezus: Bound 2
I know you're tired of lovin', of lovin' with nobody to love, nobody, nobody. Just grab somebody, no leavin' this party with nobody to love, nobody. Uh-huh, honey. All them other niggas lame, and you know it now. When a real nigga hold you down, you supposed to drown. Bound...Bound to fall in love. Bound to fall in love. Uh-huh, honey.
What you doin' in the club on a Thursday? She say she only here for her girl birthday. They ordered champagne but still look thirsty, rock Forever 21 but just turned thirty. I know I got a bad reputation. Walking-round-always-mad reputation, leave-a-pretty-girl-sad reputation. Start a Fight Club, Brad re-Pitt-ation. I turnt the nightclub out of the basement. I'll turn the plane 'round, your ass keep complainin'.
How you gon' be mad on vacation? Dutty wining 'round all these Jamaicans. Uh, this that prom shit. This that what-we-do-don't-tell-your-mom shit. This that red-cup-all-on-the-lawn shit. Got a fresh cut, straight out the salon, bitch. Close your eyes and let the word paint a thousand pictures. One good girl is worth a thousand bitches.
I wanna fuck you hard on the sink. After that, give you somethin' to drink. Step back, can't get spunk on the mink. I mean damn, what would Jeromey Romey Romey Rome think?
Hey, you remember where we first met? Okay, I don't remember where we first met, but hey, admittin' is the first step. And hey, you know ain't nobody perfect. And I know, with the hoes I got the worst rep. But hey, their backstroke I'm tryna perfect. And hey, ayo, we made it: Thanksgivin', so hey, maybe we can make it to Christmas.
She asked me what I wished for on my wishlist. Have you ever asked your bitch for other bitches? Maybe we could still make it to the church steps, but first, you gon' remember how to forget. After all these long-ass verses, I'm tired, you tired, Jesus wept. Jerome's in the house, watch your mouth. Jerome's in the house, watch your mouth.

